Get ready for Multimodal Rack. In this section, you're not just learning concepts, you're gaining skills to build systems that can process and understand diverse types of data, like, you know, text, audio, images. So imagine a world where AI can seamlessly combine these modalities to generate coherent and context-aware content. That's really like the power of Multimodal Rack. And by the end of this section, you'll have hands-on experience in creating it. Now, I want to tell you, I think this section is fantastic. We're diving into one of the most cutting-edge areas of AI, the ability to integrate various types of data, like text, images, et cetera. And this enables us to create rich, informative, and relevant outputs. Think of it, right? How often do we as humans rely on multiple senses to make decisions or understand the world around us? Right, so we hear, we speak, we gesticulate, you know, we smell, you know, there's so many senses. And Multimodal Rack brings this human-like capability to machines and allows them to perform more sophisticated tasks. So we are pushing our boundaries. Let me cover our learning objectives and outcomes for this section. So of course, the most important is multimodal integration, how to combine various types of data. And it's not, you know, processing them. I mean, it is, but it's about creating a system where each, you know, enhances the other. So images enhance text. Audio, you know, leads to text, which are audio with images. This one is still not so well-developed. So we need to go from audio to text and then talk to images. As well, we're going to build real-world applications. So we're going to extract frames from a video, transcribing audio with a Whisper model, and then, you know, merge them together. We're going to leverage AI models. So I've talked about the Whisper model. We're also going to use the Clip model for understanding and aligning images and text. You'll learn how to use these models to create embeddings and performed data comparisons. As well, contrastive learning. So what is this? This is when we try to see what kind of text is similar to what kind of images. And this allows us to fine-tune our Rack models. And lastly, we're going to create interactive AI systems. So based on what we have, so let's say we take a video, we're able to create a Rack system out of it. This is also something that's highly in development. So multimodal Rack, I think, you know, maybe this is something that may get outdated. If it is, you know, let me know. If there's something new, let me know. Because this is a very cool thing. And the future of AI is multimodal. And therefore, we need to build these AI systems that also leverage multimodal data. That's it. Let's get ready. I'll see you in the next video. 