Let's explore a bit more multimodal, both RAG but with a focus on Gen AI. So imagine that you're part of a marketing team and a company launching a new product. You need to craft a campaign that uses information from multiple sources, so text documents with product specs, customer feedback videos, competitor images, audio clips from focus groups. Each piece of data holds valuable insights. You don't have the time to manually sift through all these formats, extract key points, you know, create a compelling narrative. You need a tool that can pull insights from all of these formats quickly and cohesively. And this is where multimodal and Gen AI comes in. Let's have a look at this image. The goal is that you take several inputs and then it leads to outputs. And currently, so this part, so text, image, audio on both sides is very good. We're starting to have good developments in reading video as well. The production of video, this is something that will take a bit of time. It's far more complex. We'll see good stuff for short clips for a while, but until we can have a proper amount of video, that will take a while. Also in my perspective, like some images are good, but usually it's a very frustrating thing to try to get images. But the understanding, so the input part, this is very good. When it comes to the video, which will be the focus for us, one very good workaround is the one that we'll use, which is to have images, so frames and text. So what we need to understand when it comes to multimodal AI is that this is like multitasking. And this is very similar to how we might read a document, you know, analyze a chart, listen to a speech, watch a video, all while making sense of how these different pieces of information fit together. Here's how it works. So you provide AI with a text, with document features, or with product features, a series of compact images showcasing their latest designs, customer feedback videos, audio recordings. And then the model processes each type of data through specialized neural networks. So text is handled by natural language processing techniques, images go through convolutional neural networks, audio is analyzed using spectrograms, and video is, you know, frame by frame in order to understand the visual context. And then after processing each modality, the AI synthesizes the information to create a cohesive marketing strategy. So it identifies key selling points from the text, spots design trends from competitor images, captures emotional tones from audio clips, and summarizes customer sentiments from videos. Then the challenge is how do we integrate all of this. So we now explore how to work this multimodal within our RAG systems. In a multimodal RAG, this means it can retrieve and generate content across various data types, significantly enhancing its ability to understand. For us, we're going to focus on retrieving images and audio and generating text. So if we consider our marketing example again, instead of providing isolated pieces of information, a multimodal RAG retrieves the most relevant insights from customer feedback videos, couples them with key design elements from competitive photos, and generates a comprehensive report that offers a complete understanding of the market. But of course, at the same time, there's also challenges here. It's really not that easy to do because all data types have their own challenges. So for instance, text needs to be tokenized and embedded, images require feature extraction through techniques like convolution, audio must be transformed to a format that the AI can understand, and video involves processing both visual and audio components. And then synchronizing all of these processes is also a challenge so that I must accurately interpret and integrate all this information in real time. Moreover, the ability and relevance of different data types can vary, so video feedback might offer more nuanced insights than text reviews, but it's also harder to analyze due to factors like background noise or poor lighting. And then the RAG system does need to weigh all of these factors, deciding which ones are relevant and then blend everything at the end. To conclude, while multi-modal AI and RAG systems bring remarkable capabilities, they also require advanced techniques to manage their complexities. For a marketing team, this means moving toward the future where you can easily synthesize vast amounts of data to craft strategies, to go to market with products, or to analyze customers. But this is an exciting time, and as technologies are advancing, the potential just gets bigger and bigger. That's at least my perspective. Super excited to share this with you. I'll see you in the next video. 