Welcome to this first practice video on multimodal rag. Please come to the rag folder and then multimodal rag. It's going to be a fun one. I have here one of my crash courses that I have live on YouTube. And you can see by my face here, one of my first videos that I recorded here in this tiny corner. And it is one hour ish. And I specifically chose a video that was one hour ish because there are some challenges that the one hour video has that three minute video do not. So this is what we need to pick. And why is this multimodal? So video, of course, but at least, you know, currently the AIs cannot really read video and definitely not video that is one hour long. And I think it will be that for a bit of time because it's quite, quite, you know, there's a lot of information in a video. And what we are going to do is that we're going to split the video into audio and to frames or images. And this audio slash frame is the multimodal because we're going to feed both into our model. And even if you think from a perspective of a video, it's also multimodal. So you'd have the video part, which is, you know, the several frames per second, and then you also have the audio. So this is where we really take a lot of what we have learned and try to make something out of it. Now, this multimodal is still very much in development. The technologies are there, but in a way that it takes to process everything from a computational perspective, it's tough. So there's quite a few challenges that are there, and this is why the libraries, they're not so ready for multimodal stuff. Therefore, a lot of the things we need to build on our own, and that's okay. So because we need to build them ourselves, also get to learn step-by-step how they work. So I'm going, I've opened here a new Google collab file. I'm going to call it multimodal rack. And this video is going to be dedicated for the setup. So let me first mount the drive and let me add here. Let me call it, you know, step one. There are 10 steps. Step one and step two we do in this video. All the others will take a bit more time. And so let me get here. So let me activate the Gen AI course key. Let me copy this code. So this one is called Gen AI course. And let me call it API key equals to this. And so this I can close. This I can do shift enter. Can now increase our visibility. And mount a Google drive. And it'll be percent CD something. So waiting, but yeah, popped drive and then my drive. And then the Gen AI course rack and then multimodal rack. Copy the path, control V. And then shift enter. So this is step one. Step two. Step two. Oops, I actually wanted this. I initially intended to show you how to download a YouTube video using Python. But I actually had quite a bit of issues in the end. So I opted to just give it to you. You can always download it from YouTube if you have especially YouTube premium. But in the end, it's always easy if you have the stuff in your own directory. We are going to define here the video path. So video path here. This is equal to decision making course.mp4. Step two is to get the data. And that is it. So step one, step two, very easy. Step three will not be as easy, but I'll see you then. 