Welcome back. In this video we're going to do part one of the audio extraction and next video is compressing but on that later. First we need to install libraries. So first and foremost pip install and the one that we need to install first would be the pydub. Let's add here the Q for quiet and then apt-get and then install the ffmpeg and this is what is going to allow to extract the audio. We're going to build a command with that specific library. We then need to import the libraries here and we import OS. We import the sub process and then from pydub import audio segment and that is it. Then we need to define the audio path. So audio output path equals to and then we have this audios and then output.mp3. Shift enter. We then ensure that the output directory exists. So in this case we already have it here and I'm going to leave it but in the case that it didn't you need to create it and the way that we do it is that we set this so OS path their name, audio output path and not this and then what we do is if not and then OS path exists and then we include our output directory we would make that directory. So this is step two. Then we need to ensure the output output file has the correct extension and this is simply so if not audio output path ends with mp3 and audio output path plus equal the mp3 and let me do shift enter. We have here our audios and then eventually we'll have here our output. Then we construct construct the ffmpeg command to extract the audio. Here we go. Command equals to square brackets and we kick it off. Start with ffmpeg. So this command will be fed into this sub process library and this is what we installed. The possibility to build this command and this is part that allows this audio extraction. We include this Y. This is important. This basically does so overwrites if the audio exists. Then we have this I and this relates to the video path. Note that the video path comes from here. We have the video path comma this refers to the input file. Then we would have VN. This is including that we don't want video. So no video. Then we need the audio settings slash codec. So a codec comma and then lib mp3 and so mp3 lim and these refer to the audio codecs. Then we would then include the audio output path and this is the actual output file. Shift enter. Here we go. We would then execute the command to extract the audio. This is going to take around one minute and a half. So sub process command check equals to true and we can do ctrl enter. Tiny error. So command so this has a non-zero exit status. So I VN a codec lib mp3 lame audio output file. Okay let me run this out video path again just in case and the command and see if it works. Otherwise yeah we definitely need to ask for help. Let's explain here the error. So there might be a type FFM tag. Video path does exist. Audios output mp3. This is what we want to build and here we go. FFM tag. Did I import all the libraries? I did. Okay imports a process from pydub import audio segment. Okay I'm a bit at a loss. We have the video path which is here. So let me import everything again. See if it works. Okay still does not work. Okay let's ask chatgpt since the good people are Gemini the good people are Gemini are useless as usual. And here we go. From here to here ctrl c ctrl v. And we can have a quick preview. There's few minor errors. Okay. There's a typo. Here we go. It should be a codec. So this was one. Code cleanup. So let's try again. Ctrl enter. So yeah. Okay negative points for Gemini for not being able to discover this. So it is running. So I'm going to stop this video here and I'll return next one. We're going to talk about compressing audios which is an important element in this data processing especially for very very long audios. I'll see in the next video. 