Welcome back. So we have now completed this one minute, 20 seconds. So not too long. And then if we have a look at our audios, then we'll see here. So output MP3. And if you play it. Are you looking to improve the way that you make decisions? Do you sometimes worry that you don't have all the tools to make? There's like one thing that you need to have in mind, right? Which is the quality. And if all goes well, when it comes to my audios, they should be high quality, 0.1. But the most important thing is how I store them. And I store them always in a very high bit rate. So actually I don't even know what bit rate is, but it has to do with the quality in sound. What is bit rate in sound quality? And I can't answer this. Okay, this is a very good drag. Okay, bit rate. Bit rate refers to the depth of information, whether in video or audio. Ah, so also in video, important to know. Measured as the amount of information per second. And I think my bit rate. So set the bit rate. And so set the bit rate. So my bit rate, this is around, I think 192, if I'm not mistaken. And what happens is that if we have more information, then we also will have more tokens. Remember that what we're doing is that we're taking this spectrogram, this audio, and this is the input for the Whisper model. And the more the information, then the more tokens. Therefore, with a one hour audio, this won't work. And going to set it to 32, I think this will work. And as we'll see, so it either works or it doesn't work. And then if it doesn't work, we decrease to 16K or so. But have in mind that the current is 192. So we are already decreasing significantly our bit rate. And what I want to show you is, okay, this is our initial audio, this is our compressed audio. So set path for compressed audio. And then compress audio path, audios and then compressed.mp3. So very good. Then we would construct again the ffmpeg command to compress the audio, compress the audio. Here we go. So command, let me take this. And so what I have is minus AB. I have Y for audio output path, compressed audio path. And let me add this Y for overwrite if needed. And this is it. And then we would execute. So sub process.run command. So command and then check equals to true. Here we go. Let me do shift enter. And it's going to take a few seconds, but I'm going to stop this video here. Come back in the next one. And I think now we need to go to the next step, which has to do with the Whisper model. So this is also exciting for us to learn. I'll see you then. 