Welcome back. Before we start with the next step, which would be step four, exactly. Let me find here our compressed. If we have a quick use, I don't know if you recall how it sounded, but should be a deal. Are you looking to improve the way that you make decisions? Do you sometimes worry that you don't have all the tools? I don't know if you can notice, it's still good, but it's grainier, you know? It's a bit more tough to hear. That's it. Let me continue. And let's go with step number four. And our step, step number four is then to transcribe audio using open AI API. And we need to install, so pip install quietly the open AI. And, okay, so this is done. Also, I didn't know you could have a space between the exclamation mark and the pip, but live and learn library. And then from open AI import open AI, this we know already. We then connect the script to the API. This is done with our client, open AI API equals API key or API key equals API key. And then what we do is that we open the compressed file in binary mode. So this shortens the amount of information. We use this with, and then this is exactly what we do, but let me kick it off. So we start with opening. We always need to open. This is sort of loading the audio into our script. Compressed. And then audio path. And then read binary. And then as file, colon. And then we then use the whisper model to transcribe. And then we have this transcript. So transcript, this is very standard now. So client, but this complete is audio slash transcriptions slash dot create. And then we open. So model equals our whisper one, and then file equals to file. This is how it works. This is roughly the same, and I'll show it to you later. But this process of, you know, with is that it's when you open and close a file at the same time. So we're now going to do the writing of the transcription because now we currently have the transcription, and now we want to export the transcription. Let me do shift enter. It's now, yeah, it's basically transcribing now. And now I'm going to define the path where the transcription will be saved. So the transcription path. Yeah, let's do transcriptions or transcripts and then slash transcript dot TXT. So transcript path, and this is still running. Takes some time. It is a long audio. And now while this runs, we would then save the transcribed text to file, and then we would go with open, and then transcription path, transcript path, transcript path, and it's actually like, there's always like this, I don't know. I really want to press on tab because, you know, it feels like a shortcut. Same time, I worry sometimes a bit that you don't follow through with everything. So I try to write more. So what I do is that we open, and then we're going to use this write because we want to put there different than this when we had read binary. It could also be just read, but for the sake of whisper is read binary. As file, and then here what we do is F or file dot write, and then we would write the transcript that we're getting from here, and then we use dot text. But I'm going to show it to you. This is, so the dot text is the attribute from transcription, right? So I'm going to show it to you. From transcription, right? So this is how we get the text. Similar to when we have the open API and we have the content, here we have the dot text. So it's done. And let me show it to you. So we would then inspect the transcript, and I don't even know why I think this one, yeah, it was indented. So transcript, can kick it off. You can see that we have it here. We have the transcription, and then if we were to have dot text, then we would have just what was transcribed. We have this, this is done, and it's good to see that this is working. We then define the path, and then we save it, or we don't save it. Transcript path, transcripts slash transcript dot txt. Why is this not working? Aha, could be potentially, that I need, here we go. I'm missing this part. I actually wonder why this is not included in my notes. So we have this output directory, and transcript path, here we go. Path, here we go. And here we go. And then if not OS path exists, output directory, make output directory. Check here, how this is going. And so this part is here, very good. Let's try again. There you go, and let me, okay. This is still processing, I guess. This code is the same as this. So let me do save the transcribed text without using this, you know, with. This will be the same as, you know, having this file equals to open. Yeah, so transcript path, right, file, right. So this part is here, and then file close. Arguably, this one here is a far more elegant way doing this one. I would reckon that it's something that, even if you're not so accustomed to Python, you look at it and you're like, huh, well, it makes sense to me. You open, you write, you close. This one here, like the closing part is already there. This is, I think the width is a bit more of a when, at least in my perspective. So when this is open, we write, and then the ending or the closing is sub-intended. So let me add here, as comments, I'm not going to run this, but I am going to stop here in this video. Next one is step five, which is to extract frames from the video. And this is it. So time to go to the next step. Until the next video, have fun. 