Welcome back, let's kick off this part where we extract the frames from the video. We need to install something, pip install, and it's this movie pie, shift enter, and then load library, library, here we go. From movie pie dot editor, I import the video file clip, define output folder, so output folder, going to be frames, and then, so if not os.path exists, output folder, OS, make directory, with that, output, output folder, here we go. Let's do shift enter, and then we need to load the video, video, so this is something that is pre-prepared, so video file clip is the video path, and this video path is defined all the way in step two, so here we go, shift enter, and now we extract the frames, frames, and this is nothing, so we start with, you know, frame path, so this is going to be an empty list, and then we have this interval, right? So why? Because we're not going to extract one frame per second. If you have in mind, I think my videos, most of them are 30 frames per second, even like sometimes when I record, this one, for instance, this is 60 frames per second, and therefore, this is quite a lot, and even one frame per second is massive, right? So I've been speaking for 10 seconds, the screen has not moved, so there's a lot of information that we don't need, of course, we may lose some stuff, but that's part of it, and this is why we also have the transcript, the transcript is supposed to be there to help, but I'm going to do, at each 10 seconds, I'm going to do one frame, so, you know, second one, one frame, and then second 11, another frame, and therefore, this is what is more than enough, so for T in range, we go from zero, all the way to the video duration, so integer video dot duration, and we go at steps of interval, which is 10. Here we go, ah, sorry, so the interval, so video duration, parenthesis, interval, then there's a parenthesis, too much, we start by getting the frame path, and then OS dot path dot join, we have the output folder, and then we have this F string, where we're going to call it with a frame of T, so, you know, second 10, 10, so 10, 20, 30, and so on, T, but let's add it with four decimal, okay, so zero, zero, one, zero, zero, zero, two, zero, and so on, so zero for D, and then dot PNG, here we go, and then we save the frame at the specified time, and then it is video dot save frame, and what happens is that we, of course, have this save path at time T, and then we append everything, so frame paths dot append, this is more for the future, in case that we want to use them immediately, but basically, the saving is here, and then we also have it here in the frame paths, let me do shift enter, and in general, it's very good that we save everything, because it's not that long, sometimes it takes one minute, two minutes, I don't know how long this takes, could take, you know, five minutes, but it's very important that we, you know, have a scalable product, and this is part of it. With this, we're absolutely done, step six will be embedding audio, so this is the next one that we need to do, and I'll see you in the next video. 