Welcome back. In this video, we're going to cover contrastive learning and the role it plays in multi-modal systems. In our context, contrastive learning helps align different types of data, such as audio and images, allowing the AI to understand and generate more contextually relevant content. Imagine that you're teaching an AI to process both what it sees and what it hears. This is where contrastive learning shines. Let's first cover the core concepts. So contrastive learning involves training a model to distinguish between similar and dissimilar data points across multiple modalities. Think of it as teaching an AI how to match the tone of a voice to a corresponding facial expression in a photo, or how to align a piece of spoken advice with the right visual context. By learning these associations, the model becomes better at integrating and generating responses that make sense across different types of inputs. Now let's zoom in to our case study, which is our crash course on decision-making. We use contrastive learning to align how do descriptions of decision-making with relevant images. And this allows the AI to understand the nuances between the several concepts that are covered. For instance, intuitive versus analytical, or system one and system two, like covered in the crash course. And this is done by pairing audio with visual. Therefore, if we zoom in a bit more, so let's take a look here at this diagram. What we want to focus is we want to have positive pairs and we have negative pairs. And in this case, let's focus on our decision-making course. And what we want here is that stuff that is connected, even if it's like an audio that was spoken in the first minute, but we have a very good image that connects to it in minute 55, right? We want to find this and we want to say, hey, this is a positive pair. This is something that doesn't have a lot of distance and this is where we want to minimize. And if we zoom in, now let's focus on the positive pairs here. This will represent the scenario where system one thinking matches with an appropriate visual. So imagine audio clip saying, this seems familiar, let's go with it, paired with a familiar visual like a photo of a casual meeting room. And this alignments of the audio and this alignment between the audio and the simple image helps the model to learn that these data points do belong together. Contrastively, right? We also focus on negative pairs. So if you look at the bottom part of the chart here, the audio clip might say, let's consider all factors carefully, paired with a complex visual, like a detailed data chart. You know, when we have this slow thoughtful tone of the audio and we have a lot of stuff, you know, in the image, this might not connect as well, but these are just dummy images. So the goal here is that stuff that's similar goes together, stuff that's not similar, very, very far away. And in the end, how does this actually improve our multi-modal systems? So by training the model with these pairs, contrastive learning helps AI make the, and learn the nuanced relationships between the audio and the visual. And this training allows the model to generate more accurate and relevant responses when working with multi-modal data, such as. Therefore, we can definitely say that contrastive learning enhances multi-modal systems. How? Because we allow the AI to learn the nuanced relationships between the audio and the visual data. And this training allows the model to generate more accurate and relevant responses when working with multi-modal data. Therefore, let's take now one step back and focus on the broader applications of multi-modal data. So let's start with the first example, which is the multi-modal data. So let's say that we're looking at multi-modal data in a contract, and we have a pattern of multiple environments. And for example, if you're in an environment where there's a lot of noise, so let's say it's a hot place, and during the third, fourth, or fifth day of training, there's a lot of noise in the environment, most of the time, there may be a lot of noise in your environment, and you may have noticeably increased noise. types seamlessly. To sum it up, contrastive learning helps models better understand and integrate multi-modal data. In our example, using decision-making styles with audio and images, the model learns to minimize and maximize distances between similar and dissimilar pairs. As a final thought, it's very important that we understand contrastive learning. So this is something that is intuitive. So we have different data points. We find those that are similar. The question is really more about the how. And this is what we need to think about. One way that we'll use is the CLIP model. But that is just in the next video. I'll see you then. 