Welcome back. In this video, we're going to cover the CLIP model. CLIP model was developed by OpenAI and stands for Contrastive Language Image Pre-training and is designed to understand and relate images and text without needing traditional task specific fine tuning. And this ability makes it very versatile, especially in applications like zero shot image classification, where it can recognize objects in images it has never seen before just by understanding the text description. Let's have a look at an overview of CLIP. So let's begin with the foundation of the CLIP model, which is the contrastive pre-training. So take a look at this image. The CLIP model learns by training on a large data set of images and their corresponding text description. The key here is how it learns to associate a given image with its correct text description while differentiating it from incorrect ones. This process is what we call contrastive learning. In the diagram, we see two encoders, one for text and one for images. The text encoder processes a phrase like pepper the housey pup, converting it to a text embedding. Similarly, the image encoder processes a corresponding image, in this case, a picture of a puppy and generates an image embedding. The CLIP model then tries to align these embeddings for correct pairs, like the phrase pepper the housey pup and the actual image of the puppy while pushing apart embeddings for incorrect pairs. This alignment process allows CLIP to effectively match text to images and vice versa. Therefore, as a key idea, CLIP matches text with images. And this is one way of doing contrastive learning. And we don't need to do fine tuning of models. This is something that's going to be very, very easy. Next, we move to how CLIP can create a data set classifier. And this can be done from label text alone. Imagine that we have a data set with different categories like plain car, dog, bird. Traditionally, you need to fine tune a model specifically for this data set. However, with CLIP, we don't. As shown in the second image, input a label like photo of a dog into the text encoder. This text description is converted into an embedding that represents what the dog looks like conceptually. The model then compares this text embedding with the embeddings of all images in the data set. The image that best aligns with the text description is identified as belonging to the corresponding category. Therefore, and before we continue, as a key idea, CLIP allows you to create a classifier by simply describing the categories in natural language by passing the need for traditional task specific training. Therefore, we now move to zero shot prediction. So one of the most impressive capabilities of CLIP is the zero shot prediction. This means that CLIP can recognize objects and classify images it has not seen before. In this image here, we can see an example where an unseen image of a dog is processed by the image encoder. The resulting image embedding is then compared with a set of text embeddings created from the descriptions like photo of a plane, photo of a car, et cetera. The model identifies the best match, in this case, recognizing the image as a photo of a dog without ever having been explicitly trained on that specific image. And this is a very important part here for CLIP because we don't need to train and we can immediately predict. To sum it up, right, so CLIP works by learning powerful representations of both text and images through contrastive learning. The diagrams that we have explored show how CLIP leverages these capabilities in real world applications, making it very versatile. And its ability to perform zero shot predictions is particularly noteworthy as it opens up possibilities for AI to interact with and understand the world in a more flexible, human-like way. When it comes to the future, like the applications are fast, from enhancing search engines to creating more intuitive AI systems, CLIP does set the stage. And as we continue to explore this model, think about all the ways that you could use it and all the very cool apps and systems that you could build. Side note, CLIP is open sourced, so this is also a very cool thing. This is it. Until the next video, have fun. 