Welcome back. In this video we'll start the journey to embed our audio. It's easier for images to embed them and for the audio is a bit more tricky. At the same time we're going to do all the setup for both audio and images when it comes to the embeddings. Here we go and as you know already we're going to use the clip model for all of this. From or so import libraries. We're going to from transformers. Transformers and we're going to import the clip processor, the clip model and the clip tokenizer. Here we go. Import torch. Absolutely. And then from NumPy. Sorry about that. Import NumPy as np. Shift enter. Then what we do is that we load the model, processor and tokenizer. Here we go. Start with the model. I'm going to do it once and then it's fairly straightforward. From clip model. From pre-trained and then open AI and then clip with base and then a patch 32. And here you go. We have everything. Let me do ctrl enter and clip model API. Actually I don't want the blog. I want the GitHub. Alternatively you can use the clip directly from open AI. Personally I would not recommend. That is because this is something that's not, how can I put it, it's not really updated and therefore because most of the libraries that we use they work with some other libraries and with the exception of, you know, one, two, months ago but all of this is old and that is because this is actually open source so you can actually go and check their model how it works if you're interested in it. You can modify it. You can make it your own. This is open source and therefore as they don't make money out of this, this is a bit outdated but it is available in Transformers and Transformers is a library that is always or at least until now it's up-to-date and they're working on it and it's easier to integrate stuff. Now we would have our, we would get the transcribed text. Here we go. So this was our transcription.txt if you recall or no what was the name? transcript.txt transcript.txt. Now in case that you took a break and you want to get it, it will be with open transcript path read as file and then, okay, let me call it transcript transcript.txt would be equals to file.read but we have it so no need to do this or better yet let me do it let me do it like this. Let me open it. I save it. I have my transcript underscore text and then the last thing I want to do is to tokenize the entire text. So tokens equals to our tokenizer. We include our transcript underscore text and return return tensors equals to pt for PyTorch. Okay, we know what will happen and then padding equals to true. Here we go. If we have a quick preview at our tokens we get an error. Text input must be of type strBatch or single pre-tokenized example. Okay. So let me have a look at my transcript underscore text. Okay, so this I did. Aha, there you go. I'm missing the parentheses here and then if I get my transcript, here you go. All good, all good. So I'm tokenizing this. We have it here. Then what we do is that we just get input IDs or let me show it to you before before I store it and then we have a double list so we have zero and this way we just have the tensor. Tokens equals to this. Then it's always good so we would print with an F string the number of tokens is and then length of tokens and let me do control enter and here you go. So you should also get something if it's not this should be very very similar to this. Now we need to chunk this and why? So the SCLIP model requires 77 tokens per chunk and what we have currently we have one chunk of 9862 and we're going to do this. We have done this before, right? So we have done this in the multi model but we're going to use something different for this. That is because I want to always or just use the transformer library because that's the thing that's least expected to give me an error in the future and so that is the reason and therefore for this to be up-to-date all the time I'm not going to mix length chain with the transformers. That's the the main reason. You could try and it would work but there's something that you need to be more careful. It's not a big difference but it just means that we need to code this because we don't have a specific function as far as I know with transformers. I'll see you in the next video. 