Welcome back. Now let's go to the next step, which is to create chunks for our tokens. Our max tokens is 77. Then we'll have this, what I'm going to call transcription chunks, and this is empty. What I'm going to do, this is a loop that's basically going to, we're going to put 77, we reach 77, we go to the next one, 77, so on and so on. So that in the end, we are going to basically have 9,862 divided by 77 chunks plus whatever is the remainder. For i in range, and this is zero to the length of tokens. This is 9,862 intervals of max tokens. Let me add here an n and colon. So my chunk is, I go to my tokens and I go from i to i plus max tokens. So I get, let me explain it. So for instance, the first one, I start with zero and I go from zero to zero plus 77. So from zero to 77. Then I go to the next one, which would then be 78, then it'll be 78, and then up to 78 plus 77, and so on. We get the chunks and then our transcription chunks, I will append each chunk. Let's add a print here. So with an f-string, the number of chunks is, and then length of transcription chunks. Here we go. Let me do Control-Enter. We have 129. If I do, what was it? 9862 divided by 77, this should be 128 something, and then the something is the remainder, which is the last chunk. This then actually leads to the next step, which is our text embeddings. This means that we embed the tokens in each chunk. Text embeddings equals to this list. Then what I do is that I go to each chunk. I'm going to then unsqueeze. This is what it is called, but let me do it step-by-step. If I get here, so my transcription chunks, let me get it here. Here we go. I get number 0. Next step is that, for instance, I would then do dot unsqueeze with a zero there. Basically, this moves back one, and I would store it under inputs. Inputs equals to, this would be a dictionary, input IDs, colon, and then our transcription chunk. You need to close the dictionary. This is, in a sense, moving one step back. Whereas before, where was it? Let me see. Here we go. We have this zero here, so this is basically having one extra step. We have a look here at our inputs, and this is our inputs, input IDs, and here we have them. Then what we do is with torch and then no grad. This no grad here doesn't have a lot of impact, but it saves on computation. It's a very standard practice. We would have the text embedding. Then equals to, I use the model, getTextFeatures, and it's this getTextFeatures that leads to the clip model. That will enable us to actually do this contrastive learning. Like this, inputs, let's inspect. So text embeddings, here we go. Control, Enter, and here you go. These are all the features that we get, and these are our text embeddings. What we do next is that we flatten everything. Let's have a look. So what happens next? We have our text embeddings. We're going to append myTextEmbeddings. Or better yet, so text embeddings, plural, and this should be singular. We have our text embedding. We use the CPU. We don't need to use anything else. We transform to NumPy, and then we flatten everything, parentheses. Let's have a look. So at our text embeddings, Control, Enter, and so TensorObject has no attributes, of course. Because here I'm appending to my empty list. Let me do Control, Enter once more, and here we have it. So now we have this array, and this is what enables us to then, we'll compare everything that is in this text embedding. So these are the numerical representations of our data, and we're going to compare these embeddings from the text to the embeddings that are in the images. Therefore, I need to wrap this up. We're going to call it TextEmbeddingNumPy, and then I transform this to a NumPy array. Here we go. If we have a quick preview at our TextEmbeddingNumPy, Control, Enter. Here we go. So this is the correct format. It's a double list and array. But the important thing is this dot shape. So this is one with 512 embeddings. All of this must have 512 embeddings, parts of the clip model, and all of them will have. So what we do next is that we make sure that all of this is working. Here we go. So this text embedding, so this part here will remain outside, but this part here will go inside the loop. So for chunk in transcription chunks, let me give it some space here. Here we ensure the chunk is in the correct shape, and this requires the input IDs, the double list. Then here, we would then get the text embedding. Let me show that everything is correct. So we have the inputs. We include the inputs. We get the text features based on our clip model, and we store them as text embedding. We then append our text embeddings that we have transformed into a NumPy and we have flattened everything. Then last step here. So we convert the list of embeddings to a NumPy array. Here we go. We can then print the shape. Here we go. So with print with an F string, text embedding shape is text embedding shape, and then the bottom part I don't need. Here we go, Control-Enter. Then of course, we would get 129, which is the number of chunks, and we would have 512 embeddings for each. This is step 1. We have all four chunks, each with their own embeddings, and now we go to the images. We get the embeddings for the images, and then what we do in the end is that we compare, we see which ones are the most similar, and that is the end goal. This is still running. It has stopped, as you can see. So 129 by 512. I'm going to stop this video here. Next one, we need now to embed the images. I'll see you then. 