Welcome back. Let's go to our step number 7, which is for embedding the images. I'll recall that an embedding is a numerical representation of the data. So from bill, which is this library for images, I will import image and here you go. I need here. Let me see if I've defined it. Here you go. There is output folder. Let me define it again differently. Here, what I want to do is embed the images. So the frames folder, this one is called frames. There you go. Let me see the transcripts. Here you go. Here it is. Frames. Then we're going to store the image embeddings and store here the image paths that we're going to use. So this is something that will be helpful as you create some images or some data visualization, and you want to get the images, this will be important. So for frame file in OSListDir for directory, and we get the frames folder, and should be listDir, all the same. So frames folder, parentheses colon, and here you go. So we want just to get the things that end with png. Let's have a quick look at our frames, png, png, png. You can see that most of the images is me in a not so photogenic way, but yeah, it's really not photogenic. But we are going to get everything that ends with a png. So if frame file ends with, and then dot png, here we go. Our frame path, frame path, os.path.join. We have the frames folder and the frame file, and then we append the frame path. So this is how we store it, and we continue. We then load and pre-process the image. How we do it? First, image equals, we have our image, we open based on the frame path. Then what we do next is that we store it under these inputs, that we use the processor. What is this processor? It's this one that is this clip processor, and this is going to pre-process. So images equals to image, and here we go. This is one parenthesis too many, and then return tensors equals to PyTorch. Then we generate the image embedding. I see an error, let's fix processor. Here I have processor. I wonder if something is wrong. Let me see if we can get. Processor is not defined. When we get there, we get there. Like no real reason to worry too much about it. With Torch, and then no gradient. Image embedding model, get image features is very similar to what we did here. We're going to get something with 512. We have the inputs, and then we have our image embeddings that we have here. We're going to append the image embedding, and then is the same dance. CPU.Numpy.Flatten, image embeddings NumPy, convert to a NumPy array. We use this NumPy array just in case, because the last command here is flatten. Always have this, or always triple-check. Always add something in the end that makes sure that the output is what you want. In this case, NumPy array. Let's do Control-Enter, and let's see what's happening with this processor. Name processor is not defined. But this is weird. Let me do Control-Enter here once more. Processor, and it has run. There was something different, right? I had three S's. If you caught it, well done. We do Control-Enter once more, and we should have, I don't know how many frames we had. Did we? Let's have a look. It's quite a bit of frames. So 372 frames. The zero doesn't count, right? Because we start at 0, 0, 0, and then 1, 0. So 372. But let's confirm this when we're done. Now, let's learn a bit about contrastive learning. Again, to reinforce how this works, because this can be confusing. Because we are doing a lot of coding, and I fear that sometimes, because the coding can be complex, that this makes the concepts more complex than what they should be. But in general, what happens is that we have these text embeddings, which have these features and these numerical representations of our date. We have this for the text, and we have this for the images. Then what we're going to do now is, let's get these features from one, let's get these features from another. For instance, let's take from the chunk text one. Let's see which is the most similar from all of our 372 frames. Let's see which one is the most similar, and let's rank them all. This is what we want to do. We want to have the most relevant chunk with the most relevant image, or even the most relevant chunk with the top three, top five images. This is what we want to do, so that we are matching all of our data. This is the heart of contrastive learning. So far, it has been complex. From now on, it will be a bit simpler, but I don't want to over-promise. I'll see you in the next video, or better yet. Before I see you in the next video, we're done. 373. 373? Okay, stupid, missing the first one. Index starts at zero, or in this case, seconds start at zero. So 373. This is it. I'll see you in the next video. 