Welcome back! In this video we're now going to, in a sense, it's like the most important video, because it's when we bring everything together. As I've tried to share a lot of times, the most difficult thing about the RAG is not the retrieval, it's not even the generation, it's really the pre-processing. Because, for instance, in this case we have 10 steps. Step 1 to 8 is preparing, step 9 is retrieval, step 10 is generation. Spoiler alert! So, I'm going to call this one contrastive learning. Try to explore. I really want this to be extremely intuitive in a way that it works. So, from sklearn.metrics.pairwise import cosine similarity, and then import matplotlib.byplotSPLT and import random. This is going to be for some visualization. And matplotlib with 1b. And here we go. So, calculate the cosine similarity matrix. And this is, we have done so much coding, but this is very, very easy. So, similarities equals to, we use this cosine similarity, and then inside I include my text embedding numpy, and then my image embedding numpy. And if we have a quick preview here, so similarities, I should enter. So, this is it. Now, might not tell you much, but each of this represents the similarities. And what we want to see is, okay, check the shape of the similarities. And what do you expect, right? So, what one would expect to see here? Let's think about it, right? So, intuitively, we have hundreds, okay, I'm forgetting the number. We have 129 text embeddings. No, we have 129 chunks, and we have 373 frames. So, with the similarities, we expect something that is 129 by 773. And for each of these pairs, right, we have a degree of similarity. And this is what we have exactly. So, for instance, so print, and with an F string, yeah, the shape of similarities is similarity.shape, 129 by 773. And you can see that they don't change much currently, which makes sense. All of them are about decision-making. You can see that a lot of them, or I don't know if you had the time to have a look, but they follow a similar color pattern, right? So, white, green, so on. There's a lot of the same things that have a similar level of information. Next up, so that I show it to you. So, for instance, if we want to retrieve the top, you know, K similar images for each text chunk, right? So, for instance, it would be, you know, top K. Let's say we want to retrieve the top five. And we just want to have a quick view, right? So, nothing too much. So, for I, and then text chunk in enumerate similarities, here we go. What I do is that I get the similar indices. And how this works is that I go to each text chunk, and then I'm going to arg sort parenthesis. I'm going to get the minus top K. So, the bottom, or you know, the top five. Here we go. And then here, starting from the last one, and then print with an F string, F, and then top, top K, and images for each chunk. I, and then I also extract the similar indices. Here we go. So, something very straightforward. I got a tiny error. Here we go. I guess I'm missing some parenthesis here. Let's try again. And here we go. So, this is how it works. So, for instance, we have that for chunk one. This is not correct, right? You cannot have the same images. So, for I, text chunk in enumerate similarities, and then square brackets here, minus top K, with a colon, and then colon, colon, minus one. Okay. But here, something is weird, because all of them, they have the same level. So, I think the problem runs deeper. So, we need to understand and have some kind of debugging. So, I want to inspect the image embedding NumPy. Let's have a quick preview. So, minus 22, minus 33, minus 21. So, all of this, they look different. Therefore, therefore, the next step, I want to inspect the text embedding NumPy. So, text embedding NumPy. Hopefully, it will come from here. It comes from here. They're all the same. Good to know. Therefore, you know, let's take one step back. The issue comes from here, but then we can also triple check here, the inspect the transcription chunks, to make sure that the issue is here and not above. So, inspect the transcription chunks. Then transcription chunks. It's quite significant. So, 49406269. Okay. It doesn't seem to be here. So, text embeddings, four chunks in transcription chunks, inputs. And let me compare this with my notes. And where was it? Here we go. So, input IDs, colon transcription chunks. Okay. Yeah. I think that I see, because I'm always doing the same. And basically, I don't really have a loop here. So, mea culpa here. This was my problem, but now it's fixed. And I still control enter. And then let's inspect the text embeddings NumPy. Might as well, I'm going to write to myself. And this was in the chunking and embedding text. I'm going to add myself a note. Add a note that I made a mistake in the embedding. So, I add this as a lecture. Okay. So, we have our new text embeddings NumPy. This means that we can do our similarities once more. Now they all seem different. Very good. And this could remain the same. And now we have the top five images for each chunk, and all of them are different. And you can for sure have a look and still potentially even inspect this a bit more. But I'm going to stop this video now. I've done what I wanted. I've debugged as well, which was not planned, but often necessary. I'll see you in the next video. 