Welcome back. Now that we have done contrastive learning, we're now going to the next step. But before we get to it, I want us to visualize. So we have done a first level of, it's not really visualization, but we can see the frames for each of the chunks. And now what I want to do is that I want to set up code snippet that takes five random images, and then we visualize the chunks of text that are attached to it. Or alternatively, this is what we're going to do. We're going to take five random texts, and then we are going to visualize the three most similar images. Let's get started. And this is why we have the random. So set a random seed for reproducibility. So random.seed, and then 1502. This is my standard one. Select five random text chunk indices. And then, so random text indices. Equals two. We use random again. We sample. And then what we do is that we range the length of text embeddings, m and p. So comma there, comma there, and we get five. So five is more than enough to visualize. And I actually wanted that. So print random text chunk indices. So you should have this. So if you have the same level of images, texts, and so on, this should be your output. And then what we do is that we find the three most similar images for each text. And this is very similar to this, right? Because here we went and we get, or better yet, we got the five most relevant images. Here we get three. So here we go. So what we do is so text to images similarities equals to, here we go, for index in random text indices. Here we go. This is all correct, but to similar images equals two. Yeah, similar images. This should be okay. We go to similarity, similarities. We go to that specific index, and then we sort what we do. Then we get the top three. So minus three, two, and then we go to the right, and then we need to invert everything. This is how this works. And then we have our text to images similarities. We append our similar images. Shift, Enter. And now we actually do our data visualization, visualization of the text and images. And so for i, and then text index, index, text index in, we enumerate our random text images. So we go through each of them. So plt.figure, figure. This should be big size equals to 10, eight. This is usually good. We start by displaying the text chunk and with a print fstring text chunk. So text chunk, curly brackets. And then here we have i plus one. Here we go. And then here, what we do is that we use this and then we join, right? So we join, but then have in mind, right? What we have currently are text chunk indices. And at the same time, what we have is token. So we need to take a step back. So join, and here you go. So join parenthesis. And let me start here with a list. Tokenizer is going to decode. And here we include token. And then here for token in a transcription chunks. Chunks, and then here at the very end, I'm going to include my text index. Let's see if this works. So I immediately see here an error. So let's understand what is happening. So we have an fstring and this fstring is potentially a having. And so should be a parenthesis, some quotes to close and then curly brackets and then a parenthesis. And here we go. I think potentially that, okay. So now that I look at the colors, right? This is red, this is not red. So let me bring this back. So this should be in the same line. Alternative, I should be able to do this, right? Try like this. Here we go. So this works. And so we have this step and we know that this is working. I have here the figure size, so five of them. And these are the five random text chunks. Then after I have this, I can then display the similar images, but of course I want it together with the text. So hopefully this works. So for J and then image index. So IDX in enumerate and then, yeah. So we go to our text, two images similarities. And here this is access through the eye. We have that. We start by opening the image. So image equals to our image dot open. And then we go to our image paths and then we get the image IDX and then PLT subplot. So one, okay, let me get there. Three, J plus one, right? So, cause we have three, right? Exactly. So here should be three, one, two, three. And then we have one, two, three. And then we'd have PLT show images, access off. And then let's add PLT title. And then we have the F image J plus one. Let's do control enter, see if this works. And here you go. So not perfect. And I don't a hundred percent understand why. Oh, I see. No, I don't see. Because like I have the loop, right? But at the same time, I would like to have the text chunk, then the images. And this is not really happening. So it's not a hundred percent clear why this is occurring. So if you think about it, right? So we start with the loop. We have the figure size. We display the text and then we go to the image and this should all be done in one go. So we should have one print, one display, and then return because this should be the order. I wonder, so the PLT thought, huh, potentially I'm missing these parentheses. And here we go. It was exactly this. So we have, for instance, text chunk one, which is powerful and it can infer with system two thinking, even if you consciously try to focus on something else, the Stroop effect can be extremely important when making presentations, as it highlights the influence of non-verbal cues and the way information is presented to process information accurately. For example, imagine you're making a presentation to a group of stakeholders and then, yeah. So this, for instance, it has some keywords like presentation and so on. So there's like quite a few of how to put it, some frames here in the images. So we immediately get those. It's a way, right? So, and this is what I wanted to show to you in the end. And this is how our clip model together with our cosine similarities is in the end merging our text with our images. I'm going to stop here. I hope you enjoyed this video. And next time we're going to go to our next step because yeah, we're done with step eight. So now it's step nine, the retrieval system. I'll see you in the next video. 