Welcome back. Let's start with our step number nine, which is our retrieval system. And we have done this so often that you know all the steps by heart. We start with let's define a query. So for instance, query would be which cognitive biases are discussed. Here we go. So this is one. We start by tokenizing tokenizing the query. Here we go. And then here, so query tokens. Here we have this tokenizer query. Here return sensors equals to pt. Padding equals to true. And then so we would just get here our input IDs. Query tokens. Tiny error. Padding equals to true, because here should be a comma, not a dot. Here we go. Return sensors equals to pytorch. Why is this not recognized? Did I do something wrong? Return tensors. Here we go. So this is done. And then we are going to generate the query embeddings in the joint embedding space. What does this mean? We use the clip model. So now we're going to find the most similar text features and then we're going to compare it to what we had. So with torch, no grad. Here we go. Query embedding equals model. Get text features. Here we go. Parenthesis. And then input IDs equals our query tokens. And then we have this part here. And then we do what we've done before. CPU dot numpy dot flatten. Here we go. Let's print with an f-string the shape of the query embedding is query embedding shape. Get tiny error. Let's fix this. Get text features. Got an expected keyword argument. Input I and S. So should be IDs. And here you go. So 512. Again, it's just one query, right? So we have one query, should have 512 embeddings. Very quick video, but I'm going to stop here. So this was the tokenization part. And now what we do is this kind of search. And this search is a bit different because we use the cosine similarity to find the most similar processes. The same, we're always trying to find what is the most similar here when it comes to the retrieval. In this case, since we have worked so much with the cosine similarity, now we find what kind of text embeddings are most similar to our query embeddings. I'll see you in the next video. 