Welcome back, in this video, we are going to first compute the cosine similarity, similarity between the query and the transcripts. Transcripts, here we go. So cosine similarity, similarity, and then this one equals to our cosine similarity. Here, we are going to include our query embedding, need to do it here inside the list, and we include our text embedding, and P, there you go, and here we include a zero. So with that, we just decrease the number of lists. And so here we add the list to our query embedding, and then, so it has the same number of square brackets, and then we remove cosine similarity, we can have a quick preview, and here. So immediately pops here, this 75 here, we'll also see some 50s, 60 here, so there is 78 at the very end, so there is definitely some level of similarity. Therefore, now what we need, so we need to define how many chunks we want. And so top K text equals to, let's say that we retrieve 10, and then we retrieve the indices of the top K, the top K most similar text chunks, here we go. So top K, top K text indices equals to, we go to our text similarities, similarities, and then we do arc sort, and then we get the top K texts, we make sure everything is ordered, and we can have a quick preview. Text similarities is not defined, why is that? Ah, okay, I called it cosine. Let me change here, is it the same name? This could be an issue, similarities, okay, it's not the same, let me change here to text similarities, and here, text similarities, I like that the names have some degree, or that tells me exactly what I should look for. Okay, why is this happening? Let me run, so query tokens, query embedding, enter, object is not callable, let me, because I just changed the name that I started, so it's super, super odd, and let me go back to the audio, get here our text embedding by, and then go back here, so text similarities is the cosine similarity, query embedding, text embedding pi, and while this is running, I come back here, actually, this was about it for this point, so let me pause here, while I look, okay, so it's not an issue, let me have here explain error, and, aha, you know what I think? Hey, okay, the thing is I called it the name, it was the same one, right? So this potentially means that I need to, import this again, here we go, let's try now, see if this works, here we go, so rule number one, never call something the name of a function, okay, then let's have a look at the top K text indices, so we would look at 128, 79, 0, 37, 92, and then now what we do is that we retrieve the images, and you have two options, and you either repeat the same, or repeat the same, but if you repeat the same, and you find the cosine similarity between the query and the image, why are we doing contrastive learning? Like there's no point, we could just put everything under the same database, very similar to our unstructured data that we did in the previous section, and, you know, just go at it, the point here is that now, we compare text to text, and then since we already have the images, then we retrieve the images that are connected to our text, so it's query text image, therefore retrieve, the closest images, for each text chunk, I'll leave it to you, I'm going to pick one, I think one is more than enough, top K images indices, equals to this, and then for IDX in top K text indices, similar images, equals to our similarities, IDX arg sort, minus top, and then K text, something like that, we look at the 10, here we go, and then our top K images indices, we append the similar images, finally, this is an important point, we remove any duplicates, and limit to the top K images, and so let's start here, or better yet, let me show it to you, so list, we would set top K images indices, there you go, let me do control enter, and hashable type, top K images indices, question is why, do I need to include, up to top K text, control enter, so the issue remains the same, and here you go, so we go to our similarities, IDX arg sort, we look through the top K text, and let me also triple check, when we did this, we selected five, here we selected the top three, so here I actually don't want top K text, I want minus one, and here you go, this I should not need, but this numpy.n the array, this is odd, because it's this part, so top K, because this should be a list, because it is a list, top K images indices, I'm seeing something, and here we go, I'm actually having here, some kind of, I'm trying to understand what is this, so set items for sub list in top K indices, for item in sub list, up to X, and let's have a quick preview, see what is here, and here we have it, in case that we were to include two, then this would be what we would, and let's say that we would include here, number of images, per chunk, or images per chunk, let's do two, control C, and then minus this, so this is better, and this leads to actually how many we have, so we print, the top K indices, I actually want the, total images, are length, this, we have 18, so from 10, two of them should have had duplicates, so they were removed, and that is it, so I'm going to stop here, we have now done the complete retrieval, and let me just do a quick recap here, because I think there were some moments, where it was not flowing as much as I would have liked, we have the query, we have the query tokens, we use the query tokens to get the embeddings, we compare the embeddings with the text embedding, and then we have a look at what are the most relevant, stacks or chunks to our query, in this case it's this, then we get the images, I said, let's do two per chunk, and then we remove duplicates, we get to 18, this is it, and I'll see you in the next video. 