Welcome back, we now can go to step 10, which is our generation, generation system. And it's very exciting that we got here. So let's do it. We need to import base 64, because this is a format that is required for our GPT-4 to read our images. We start by combining the retrieved text chunks. So retrieved text is this, and then for IDX, yeah, let's do it. Top K text indices, retrieve text, dot append, tokenizer, ID code, transcription, chunks, IDX, and then retrieve text, I would just join everything. Let's have a quick preview here. So at our retrieved text and see how it works. So you can see that everything here is together. Also have indicators for end of text, start of text. Then we also want to convert the images and append them. Here you go, so base 64 frames. It's an empty list. So for IDX in top K images indices, and here we go. So we start here. Okay, this is slight, this is very different than what I have. I don't, okay, I'm going to follow mine. So we start with opening the path. So image, path, and then this is the image paths IDX. Not saying it was different. I was just saying it's, or better yet, I'm not saying it was wrong, but it is different. And personally, I like mine, which is more step-by-step, and it enables me to also explain better to you. So we open the image, and this is set as read binary, then as image file. And then what I do is that this base 64 image, I use the base 64 to be 64 encode image file read to decode UTF-8. And, okay, append base 64, base 64, and then image. Here we go. Let's have a image again. Okay, here we go. Let's have now quick base 64 frames. I'm going to get an error, base 64 frames that we always see what we get out of it. In the meantime, we can define the model and system prompt. So model equals the GPT, and then 40 mini system prompt. And, okay, my system froze. Okay, here we go. We should have all 18 images over here. And so hide system prompt. Let's go. So you are an expert teacher that summarizes visual and transcribe content. Something like this. Doesn't need to be extremely serious here. And that is it. So I'm going to stop here. I'll return in the next video where we'll also wrap up. So very excited about this. It's been a long, long journey. Hope you enjoyed it. I'll see you in the next video. 