Welcome back. Now, we need to prepare the user message content. So user message content here. This is a list. Here we go. So these are the frames from the video, comma, and then we are going to map, so lambda, and then here, x. So type, type here with lowercase t, colon, image URL, go to the right, comma, and then our image URL. This is a dictionary and this is a URL, colon, f-string, data, colon, image. I actually wonder, I've not gotten any shortcut in a while. JPEG, and then semicolon, base 64, here we go, comma, we include here an x, and here we go, comma, and then detail here, colon, and then here, yeah, should include high, for instance. Go here, and then base 64, and here we go, so base 64 frames. So let me do a Shift Enter, and expect it after dictionary key. So image URL, colon. Try again. Here you go. This appears to be working, though there was like this squiggly line, sound like an error, but it wasn't. Now, let's wrap it up, call the OpenAI API to generate a summary. Here we go. We have our response client. Yeah, let's client chat completions create, model equals model, messages, role, system, content, system, prompt. Here we go, curly brackets, comma, and then role user content, not the retrieve text, but our user message content. Okay. Now, I'm just having a look at it, because it was feeling weird, and I could not explain why, but we're missing the retrieve text, and this one is here. So let me just triple check with my notes. Yeah, absolutely. So comma here, and then we start here. So type here is text, and then the text here comes from our retrieve text, let me confirm. Absolutely. So Control-Enter. We have our user message content, comma here, close this, comma, temperature, I don't know, set to 0.3. Again, I don't appreciate creativity most of the times. Middle Control-Enter, see if this works, and then we would generate the response, generated response, response choices, zero message content, and then we just print the generated response. So nothing too fancy, we just focused here on making our gen part work. Here we go. So the VF frames present various concepts related to decision-making biases and their implications, mutual causality bias, hypothesis, obesity, and decision-making. This was not good. Gambling and risk, system 1, system 2 thinking, loss aversion, narrow framing, anchoring bias, happiness and satisfaction, diverse information sources. This is like half correct. So there's a few things here that I discussed, but obviously highlights the prevalence of obesity. I don't do this, for instance, not at all. So also the gambling and risk, I don't do this. There could be many reasons for this. So one flaw for me is the chunking. So 77 is not that much, especially because here in our query, at least in this topic, this is something that I would explain a topic for several minutes. Therefore, the chunks could be bigger. So this is one clear flaw here that we have currently. As well, the fact that this is still not something that's easy. You saw how it was with unstructured data, right? It was simple, it was straightforward. This was neither simple nor straightforward. So there's a lot of work here. I do expect to remake this section quite soon, because I do expect improvements. So if you do have an improvement, if you found something, let me know. Very eager to improve this section here. That's it. I'm going to stop here. I had fun. I hope that you also had fun, and I'll see you in the next video. 